Doc: update launch from source. (#6074)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/develop/launch_ragflow_from_source.md

   export HF_ENDPOINT=https://hf-mirror.com
   ```

> 4. Check the configuration in **conf/service_conf.yaml** to ensure all the ports and hosts are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check the configuration in **conf/service_conf.yaml**, ensuring all hosts and ports are correctly set.
```
